AI PROMPT: Driver Selection from Fixture Segment Wattages (Linear Power)

You are tasked with selecting LED drivers for a given electrical circuit.
Each segment corresponds to one lighting fixture on that circuit.
Each fixture has a value for the instance parameter named Linear Power, which provides the wattage for that fixture.
Follow the rules below exactly. Do not infer or invent additional constraints.

1. Available Drivers
Drivers come in the following configurations:
1×30W → 1 sub-driver, max 30W
1×60W → 1 sub-driver, max 60W
1×96W → 1 sub-driver, max 96W
2×96W → 2 independent sub-drivers, each max 96W
3×96W → 3 independent sub-drivers, each max 96W

Rules:
Each sub-driver is electrically independent
No sub-driver may exceed its individual wattage limit
Power cannot be shared between sub-drivers

2. Input Definition
Input is the list of fixtures connected to the circuit.
For each fixture (segment), read the Linear Power parameter from the family instance.
All calculations are based solely on these Linear Power values.

3. Segment Auto-Splitting Rule
If a fixture’s Linear Power exceeds 96W, it must be split into equal parts:
If Linear Power ≤ 96W, keep segment unchanged
If Linear Power > 96W:
Split the segment into 2 equal wattage segments
Repeat recursively until all resulting segments are ≤96W

Notes:
All splits must be equal in wattage
There is no limit to the number of splits
After splitting, all resulting segments are final and indivisible

4. Optimization Objectives
Minimize the number of physical drivers
If more than one driver is required, all drivers must be the same type
If multiple driver types yield the same number of drivers, choose the type that minimizes total sub-drivers
Sub-drivers may be partially loaded
Excess unused sub-drivers are allowed but should be minimized

5. Sub-driver Packing Logic
Pack fixture segments into sub-drivers using First-Fit Decreasing:
Sort all fixture segments by Linear Power in descending order
Place each segment into the first sub-driver where:
currentLoad + LinearPower ≤ 96W

If no existing sub-driver can accept the segment, create a new sub-driver
The result is the total number of sub-drivers required (Nsubs).

6. Homogeneous Driver Selection Logic
If Nsubs = 1:
Choose the smallest valid single driver:
≤30W → 1×30W
≤60W → 1×60W
≤96W → 1×96W
If Nsubs > 1:
All drivers must be the same type
Evaluate each allowed driver type:
Driver Type	Sub-drivers per Driver
1×96W	1
2×96W	2
3×96W	3
For each type:
driversNeeded = CEILING(Nsubs / subsPerDriver)
totalSubsProvided = driversNeeded × subsPerDriver

Choose the driver type that:
Produces the fewest drivers
If tied → produces the fewest total sub-drivers
If still tied → prefer the smaller driver type

7. Expected Output
Return:
Number of drivers
Driver type selected
Sub-driver count per driver
Sub-driver loads
Fixture-to-sub-driver assignment
Any segments that were split (with final wattages)

Ensure:
No sub-driver exceeds 96W
All drivers are the same type if more than one driver is used
Driver count is minimized
Sub-driver waste is minimized